Do something about generated code.

Differences between Eclipse and ASM extractors (primarily caused by bytecode compilation)

Type Erasure
  Eclipse extractor generates calls to the call with type variables
  ASM extractor generates the erasure calls (everything replaced with object)

Inherited method calls
  Eclipse extractor resolves it to the method provider's type. (java.lang.Throwable.getMessage())
  ASM extractor reports the referential type. (java.lang.Exception.getMessage())
  
Inherited fields
  Eclipse extractor resolves it to the field ownder's type.
  ASM extractor reports the referential type.
  
Static Initializers
  Eclipse extractor generates an INITIALIZER entity for each static initialization block
  ASM extractor generates a single <clinit> INITIALIZER entity combining all static initialization blocks

Initializers
  Eclipse extractor generates an INITIALIZER entity for each initialization block.
  ASM extractor adds the code from each initialization block to every constructor that does not begin with this(...).

Inner Class Constructors
  Eclipse extractor generates a CONSTRUCTOR entity as one would expect.
  ASM extractor generates a CONSTRUCTOR entity with an additional first argument (the type of the enclosing class).
  
Anonymous Classes within methods
  Eclipse extractor knows its inside of the method.
  ASM extractor thinks it inside of the enclosing class.

Annotations
  Eclipse extractor can detect all annotations.
  ASM extractor cannot detect anything with SOURCE retention.

Enum Static Initializer
  Eclipse extractor only reports static initializers in the source.
  ASM extractor reports the generated static initializer.
  
Enum methods
  Eclipse extractor reports what can be seen in the source, plus the values and valueOf methods.
  ASM extractor reports the details of the values and valueOf methods.
  
Enum Initialization
  Eclipse extractor reports CALLS relations referencing the standard constructors.
  ASM extractor reports CALLS relations referencing the constructors with the string/int extra argument.
  
Field Initialization
  Eclipse extractor reports the relations as originating with the field.
  ASM extractor reports the relations as originating with the class initializer.
    
String Operations
  Eclipse extractor reports string operations as they appear in the source.
  ASM extractor reports string concatenations that turned into StringBuilder calls.
  
++/--
  Eclipse extractor reports one read and one write relation, if the operand is a field.
  ASM extractor either reports additional reads, or creates a synthetic method.

Boxing / Unboxing
  Eclipse extractor doesn't notice it.
  ASM extractor reports calls to valueOf() and xValue()

package-info files are ignored
TODO
  Don't filter out USES relations